My mind won't let me rest
Voice in my head
I hear what it said
I can't trust a thing
If I picked up and left
How fast would you forget
Resting while I'm inside
your presence
I don't want to
think nothing bad
This time I won't,
this time I won't
5Am when I walked in
Could not
believe what I saw, yeah
You on another one's body
Ghosts of the
past came to haunt me
I caught you but
you never caught me
I was sitting
here waitin on karma
There goes my
guilty conscience
5Am when I walked in
Could not believe what I saw,
yeah
You on another one's body
Ghosts of the
past came to haunt me
I caught you but
you never caught me
I was sitting
here waitin on karma
There goes my
guilty conscience
No I won't, let you stay
Thanks for the hours
Thanks for the days
If I see your eyes
I turn to stone
I look away
I got to go
Gone for the week,
don't bother
Til pigs fly
she'll keep on calling
I've been working for me,
not sorry
Next time that we speak,
I'll be calm
Next time that I go in,
I'm all in
Why you so close
but you feel so far
You look like the
moon in the morning
Jaded, faded, almost gone
Resting while I'm inside
your presence
I don't wanna
think nothing bad
Goodnights are never
really good nights
Feel something
that's heavy inside
5Am when I walked in
Could not believe what I saw,
yeah
You on another one's body
Ghosts of the
past get to haunt me
I caught you but
you never caught me
I was sitting
here waitin on karma
There goes my
guilty conscience
5Am when I walked in
Could not believe what I saw,
yeah
You on another one's body
Ghosts of the
past get to haunt me
I caught you but
you never caught me
I was sitting
here waitin on karma
There goes my
guilty conscience